<html version="-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:schemalocation="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml&#10;    http://www.w3.org/MarkUp/SCHEMA/xhtml11.xsd"><head><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8"/><title>Installation</title><link href="sabal.css" rel="stylesheet" media="screen" type="text/css"/></head><body>
    <h1><span style="FONT-SIZE: x-large"><strong>Installation</strong></span></h1>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="MARGIN: 0cm 0cm 0pt"><span>We can breakdown the installation of Xquared into 3 different methods. The first method is having the server script of Xquared directly loaded, making this the most convenient and easy method. The second method is obtaining the distribution version and use Xquared from your own web server. The third method is using the source code by directly building.</span></p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="MARGIN: 0cm 0cm 0pt"> </p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="MARGIN: 0cm 0cm 0pt"><span>If you want to use Xquared’s server with the least amount of effort required, you can use the first method, as mentioned above, by calling Xquared from your server directly. However, if you are using Xquared through Intranet or other special circumstances where you can’t use the first method, you can download and use the distribution version. If you are making a bug patch or wish to add new features through Xquared’s provided extension points (refer to Feature Extension), the best method would be to utilize the source code.</span></p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="MARGIN: 0cm 0cm 0pt"> </p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="MARGIN: 0cm 0cm 0pt"> </p>
<h5 class="MsoNormal" style="MARGIN: 0cm 0cm 0pt"><span>Directly using Xquared’s server script</span></h5>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="MARGIN: 0cm 0cm 0pt"> </p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="MARGIN: 0cm 0cm 0pt"><span>Under construction</span></p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="MARGIN: 0cm 0cm 0pt"> </p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="MARGIN: 0cm 0cm 0pt"> </p>
<h5 class="MsoNormal" style="MARGIN: 0cm 0cm 0pt"><span>Installing the distribution version</span></h5>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="MARGIN: 0cm 0cm 0pt"> </p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="MARGIN: 0cm 0cm 0pt"><span>All you have to do is go to <a href="1042564.xhtml" class="wiki" title="Download">Download</a> and download the latest version and then extract the files. Now the next step is to refer to our <a href="1167844.xhtml" class="wiki" title="Tutorial">Tutorial</a></span> <span>and continue.</span></p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="MARGIN: 0cm 0cm 0pt"> </p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="MARGIN: 0cm 0cm 0pt"> </p>
<h5 class="MsoNormal" style="MARGIN: 0cm 0cm 0pt"><span>Downloading the source code</span></h5>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="MARGIN: 0cm 0cm 0pt"> </p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="MARGIN: 0cm 0cm 0pt"><span>Please refer to the <a href="1199428.xhtml" class="wiki" title="Development">Development</a> page.</span></p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="MARGIN: 0cm 0cm 0pt"> </p>

  </body></html>